Added Table of contents (toc.rst) to user guide documentation (#10699)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/user/toc.rst

Here is an animation showing its use

.. image:: ./images/toc/runcell.gif

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 There will be a synchronization between table of contents and notebook if the ``syncCollapseState`` attribute
 is set to ``true`` in the settings. If a heading is collapsed in the table of contents the notebook will also gets collapsed and
 similarly expanding cells in notebook will expand the table of contents. To perform that go to settings and click on Advanced Settings
 Editor and then go to Table of Contents section and in User Preferences add ``syncCollapseState:true`` and save the settings, Here is an animation showing its use

.. image:: ./images/toc/syncCollapseState.gif

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The headings in the cell outputs get numbered by default in the table of contents and the notebook.
This can be tuned by changing the settings ``includeOutput`` to ``false``. To perform that go to settings and click on Advanced Settings

> Editor and then go to Table of Contents section and in User Preferences add ``includeOutput:false`` and save the settings, Here is an animation showing its use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Editor and then go to Table of Contents section and in User Preferences add ``includeOutput:false`` and save the settings. Here is an animation showing its use
```

.. _toc:

Table Of Contents
====================

The table of contents extension now ships with JupyterLab. This makes it easy to see and navigate the structure of a document.

This extension was added to the core JupyterLab extensions for JupyterLab 3.0. Anyone using JupyterLab < 3.0 should use this extension, but anyone using JupyterLab >= 3.0 will already have this extension installed with the core JupyterLab extensions.

A Table of Contents extension for JupyterLab. This auto-generates a table of contents in the left area when you have a notebook or markdown document open. The entries are clickable, and scroll the document to the heading in question.

Toc as a side panel that can number headings, collapse sections, and be used for navigation (see gif below for a demo). This extension is included by default since JupyterLab 3.0

> Here is an animation showing the extension's use, with a notebook from the `Python Data Science Handbook <https://github.com/jakevdp/PythonDataScienceHandbook>`_ :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is an animation showing the table of content use, with a notebook from the `Python Data Science Handbook <https://github.com/jakevdp/PythonDataScienceHandbook>`_ :
```

.. image:: ./images/toc/toc.gif

The Table of Contents tool will automatically generate a table of contents for your notebook by taking all your Header Cell titles and ordering them in a list,  Because your Notebook does not utilize formal page breaks or numbers, each listed section will be hyperlinked to the actual section within your document.

Automatic section numbering will go through your Notebook and number your sections and subsection as designated by your Header Cells. This means that if you've moved one or more big sections around several times, you won't have to go through your paper and renumber it, as well as all its subsections, yourself.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Automatic section numbering can be skipped for h1 headers by setting the ``numberingH1``
parameter to false, Here is an animation showing its use

.. image:: ./images/toc/numberingH1.gif

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Context menus are added to those toc headings having notebook sections

> containing runnable code cells, and clicking the runcell option will make the cells run in notebook.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
containing runnable code cells, and clicking the *Run Cell(s)* option will make the cells run in notebook.
```

Here is an animation showing its use

.. image:: ./images/toc/runcell.gif

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 There will be a synchronization between Table of Contents and notebook if the ``syncCollapseState`` attribute
 is made to true in the settings. If a heading is collapsed in the table of contents the notebook will also gets collapsed and
 similarly expanding cells in notebook will expand the table of contents. Here is and animation showing its use

.. image:: ./images/toc/syncCollapseState.gif

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> The Output is also gets numbering in the toc and the notebook, by default this ``includeOutput`` attribute is set to true.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The cell outputs get numbered by default in the table of contents and the notebook.
```

> In the settings by making the attribute to false will not give numbering to outputs. Here is an animation showing its use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can be tuned by changing the settings ``includeOutput`` to ``false``. Here is an animation showing its use
```

.. image:: ./images/toc/includeOutput.gif

> The collapsing of the table of contents is now having the blue bar rather than caret up/down icons as you can see from above all the demos.

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove that.

```suggestion
```

> .. _prerequisites:
> 
> Prerequisites
> -------------
> * JupyterLab >=2.0
> * NodeJS 12+
> 
> 
> .. _Installation:
> 
> Installation
> ------------
> .. code:: bash
> 
>    jupyter labextension install @jupyterlab/toc

Reviewer 2: Non relevant

```suggestion
```

.. _Settings:

Settings
--------

> Once installed, extension behavior can be modified via the following settings which can be set in JupyterLab's advanced settings editor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The extension behavior can be modified via settings which can be set in JupyterLab's advanced settings editor.
```

> * **collapsibleNotebooks**: enable the ability to collapse sections of notebooks from the ToC

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **collapsibleNotebooks**: enable the ability to collapse sections of notebooks from the Table of Contents
```
